Follow these steps to start developing on `webiny-js` repo:

1. Create a free tier MongoDB database, eg. using 
    [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas).
    
2. The next step is to set config params for SLS components we're about 
    to deploy. Navigate to the `examples/api/prod` folder first and 
    create a new `.env` file. You can do that by c/p-ing the provided 
    `env.example` file and adjusting the values accordingly.
    
    Note that the example file doesn't have a dot `.` as the prefix of 
    the file name, so make sure to prepend it on the created copy.
    
3. Open `serverless.yml` in the same folder to inspect the SLS components.
    All should be good, but you may want to alter the name of the bucket
    in the `files` component.
    
4. Execute `sls --debug` to deploy all components. When doing for the
    first time, it may take up to 5 minutes to deploy everything.
     
5. Once the deployment is successfully finished, in the console you 
    should see the complete output generated by all of the deployed 
    components. The last component listed is the CDN component. 
    Grab the URL of the created distribution, because you will need it
    in the frontend React app.
    
6.  Moving on to the frontend, the first step is to again setup a few
    params in the `.env` files. Note that there are two React apps, 
    `site` and `admin` app, and you will need to set these params for
    both. 
    
    Navigate to the `examples/app/code` folder and in there define 
    `.env.local` and `.env.prod` in both `admin` and `site` folders. 
    Check the `env` folder in each app folder for examples. 
    Feel free to just copy these files into the app folder and adjust 
    the values accordingly. Note that the example files don't have a 
    dot `.` as the prefix of the file name, so prepend it once you've 
    created copies.
    
7. Run `yarn start` in both apps separately, or only in one of them
    if you're not working on both. Eg. if you're working on the admin
    interface, run the `yarn start` command inside of the 
    `examples/app/code/admin` folder. This should open the browser
    and open the Webiny admin interface once the initial build is done. 
