# @webiny/project-utils
A collection of utilities for Webiny project.

If you've ever created a project using `create-react-app` you know its config is hidden from you unless you [eject](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/available-scripts#npm-run-eject), which isn't really a good option because you won't receive any new updates they ship for `react-scripts`. Besides, `react-sripts` does not support monorepos. So the good people at [rescripts](https://github.com/harrysolovay/rescripts) created this tool to override `react-scripts` without ejecting 🎉 .

In each of your React apps setup by Webiny CLI, you will find a `.babelrc.js`, which loads babel config from `@webiny/project-utils/app-babel` and also a `.rescriptsrc.js` which loads a Webiny rescript from `@webiny/project-utils/cra` (you can add more rescripts here if you like).

When running a build of your React app, we run `rescripts` (see `package.json` scripts), which intercepts the webpack config generated by `react-scripts` and allow you to modify it. In our rescript we enable `babelrc` files and also assign `babelrcRoots` so all the packages in your monorepo are accessible from your React app. Also, since we enable `babelrc`, each of your packages are now transpiled using their own `.babelrc` file so they become real standalone, self-contained packages ready to be built and  published to `npm` if you choose to.

A quick overview of tools included in this package:

- `aliases` - loads monorepo packages and creates aliases for babel, eg: `theme` => `theme/src`, so you can develop in your `src` folder but wherever you import the `theme` it will point to `theme/src`. This greatly increases development speed as no extra watching/building/copying is required. Your `webpack-dev-server` will pick up all the changes, transpile on-fly and you're good to go.
- `app-babel` - contains a babel config for React apps. It is opinionated, so you're welcome to change it as you see fit, just make sure your changes don't break your project :)
- `cra` - this is our [rescript](https://github.com/harrysolovay/rescripts#rescript-structure) to get a CRA app to work as we want it to. Again, tweak it to your heart's content :)
- `packages` - simply loads monorepo packages using `get-yarn-workspaces` package.